docs(Link): precise how prefetch works (#11792)
zeit/next.js: docs/api-reference/next/link.md

- `href` - The path inside `pages` directory. This is the only required prop
- `as` - The path that will be rendered in the browser URL bar. Used for dynamic routes
- [`passHref`](#forcing-Link-to-expose-href-to-its-child) - Forces `Link` to send the `href` property to its child. Defaults to `false`

> - `prefetch` - Prefetch the page in the background. Defaults to `true`. Any `<Link />` that is in the viewport (initially or through scroll) will be preloaded. So if you see `.json` files being loaded then it's because you have a visible `<Link />` to a static generation page for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `prefetch` - Prefetch the page in the background. Defaults to `true`. Any `<Link />` that is in the viewport (initially or through scroll) will be preloaded. Pages with data requirements will preload `JSON` files with the data for faster page transitions.
```

Reviewer: We may want to add a section for this with more details in the future but this should work for now.
